Remove back-compat code related to the op reentry checks (#22842)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/icy-webs-help.md

---
"@fluidframework/container-runtime": minor
"@fluidframework/runtime-definitions": minor
"@fluidframework/test-runtime-utils": minor
---
---
"section": legacy
---

> Removed uses of ensureNoDataModelChanges.

Reviewer: Might be more accurate to say something like "Remove `IFluidParentContext.ensureNoDataModelChanges and its implementations". We should also be sure to list all of the affected (externally facing) types in this doc for completeness.

> - `IFluidParentContext.ensureNoDataModelChanges` has been moved. [prior deprecation commit](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/commit/c9d156264bdfa211a3075bdf29cde442ecea234c).

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
- `IFluidParentContext.ensureNoDataModelChanges` has been removed. [prior deprecation commit](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/commit/c9d156264bdfa211a3075bdf29cde442ecea234c).
```

---
"@fluidframework/container-runtime": minor
"@fluidframework/runtime-definitions": minor
"@fluidframework/test-runtime-utils": minor
---
---

> "section": deprecation

Reviewer 2: section should be `legacy` (since that is the more important aspect)

---

Removed and marked as deprecated uses of ensureNoDataModelChanges.

> The function ensureNoDataModelChanges in FluidDataStoreContext and IFluidParentContext that are found in the file dataStoreContext.ts in runtime-definitions and container-runtime had been marked as [deprecated and to be removed in 2.0](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/commit/c9d156264bdfa211a3075bdf29cde442ecea234c).
> 
> The instance of ensureNoDataModelChanges in MockFluidDataStoreContext has been marked as deprecated and it is set to be removed in release 2.20.

Reviewer 2: These notes are for customers. Suggest simplification:
```suggestion
- `IFluidParentContext.ensureNoDataModelChanges` has been moved. [prior deprecation commit](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/commit/c9d156264bdfa211a3075bdf29cde442ecea234c).
- `MockFluidDataStoreContext.ensureNoDataModelChanges` no longer has use and is deprecated to be removed in release 2.20.
```
